ah yes driving through the countryside
windows down music nice and loud
just another road trip you see a bunch
of cows out the window
one of them really stands out literally
the other cows look like black and white
hamsters the guinness world record for
tallest cow ever
goes to this cow named blossom
this big grass guzzler was six foot four
somebody better buy that cow some
basketball shoes
the average cow's only four foot five
blossom must have felt like a giant
when you're that tall you don't just
hang around in a field eating grass
blossom was the official greeter for a
local resort
big jake and believe me big is an
understatement
this guy got famous for being the
world's tallest horse
checking in at a whopping six foot
eleven we're gonna need a whole lot of
basketball shoes
what a stud which actually pretty much
just means male horse
so now what about this little cutie
the world's shortest female horse her
name
is thumbelina what a perfect name and
she's only about one foot
five that didn't stop her from going
viral though
oh and the shortest male horse is called
bomball
it means bubble in polish he's only two
feet tall but his heart is larger than
life
so so cute and shorter than a greyhound
now i'm a full out dog person well
regular
sized dog person zeus a great dane
was officially the world's tallest dog
being three foot eight on all fours made
you think you were looking at a small
horse
imagine that face waking you up in the
morning and what about taking him out
for a walk
you'd have needed a pretty strong leash
according to his owners he was a gentle
giant and was usually laid back
luckily and zeus had a really important
job
he was a certified therapy dog spreading
his love and joy
to all in need imagine a dog like that
you wouldn't need to put out a water
bowl every day he could just drink
straight out of the tap
hugging would be on a whole different
level too how much do you think that guy
ate would he have even fit on your bed
so many questions now what if you're a
cat person
you'd better prepare yourself ha get it
anyway this cool cat over here has been
called the world's longest
domesticated cat his name's bearabel
which means clown and he comes from a
small town in italy
he's a gentle giant too which is good
because he's longer than a baseball bat
when they see a photo people usually
think he's been photoshopped he enjoys
basking in the sun by the window
staring out into the backyard hunting
mice
must feel like chasing ants to him
the previous title holders were called
ludo and stewie
the same breed as bearabel that's a lot
of cat fur on my mom's new sofa
sheesh hopping up next
is a rabbit named darius his long ears
and cute button nose aren't why he's
special
a regular rabbit's about 14 inches but
darius here
just over 50. that's basically a rabbit
dog darius grew up on a farm in england
and living out in an open field gave him
a super chill personality
feeding him must be tough though darius
must be a carrot eating machine
i don't want to go down that rabbit hole
enough of the cute stuff time for some
more exotic animals
maybe even mythical ones myths are just
how people explain crazy things
like the legend of the white-lipped man
that
turned out to be just me eating
cheesecake
quick and shifty under the water able to
bring down an
entire ship the kraken was famous for
disappearing ships that's what the
legends say
probably just a sailor's tale told to
scare the new recruits
but researchers may have found its baby
brother
the largest ever recorded squid was
almost 60 feet long
but the researchers forgot to video it
no
the largest squid ever caught on camera
was about 25 feet
that's like an rv scientists think there
might be larger ones out there
but they're kind of camera shy
the great white shark frightening ocean
animals left and right
she's called the queen of the ocean
she's not one of those kind and gentle
queens oh no
scientists were able to tag her to study
her more
this queen weighs about 3 500 pounds
that's like
6 motorbikes or 14 000 hot dogs
she was caught in the waters off nova
scotia by a team of terrified
researchers
good thing sharks only chill in the
ocean unless
what about an episode of shark ninja
warriors
that was the biggest now the longest
good guess but nope definitely not a
snake
but it is as long as half a football
field
this animal was discovered in the deep
waters off australia
they found it there glowing and get this
scientists say it isn't even a single
creature
it just acts like one it's actually a
whole
colony cloning and multiplying until it
gets
even bigger its technical name um
this next animal can move on land and
water
don't be fooled by its short scrawny
legs a crocodile can run as fast as a
human on land
so if you're running a lap against these
sprinters try to climb up a tree as high
as you can
crocs can't climb trees but you'd better
believe they'll be waiting for you
when you get down they're also the
heaviest reptiles in the world
an adult can weigh about the same as two
small cars
the largest one in captivity was a
saltwater croc in the philippines
lolong was his name and he was 20 feet
long
that's like two ping pong tables end to
end with a whole bunch of teeth
slithering up next another reptile a
beast of a serpent from malaysia
some workers were on break at a
construction site on a hot day
they noticed something was it a large
pipe well
this time it was a snake they pulled out
the longest python
ever captured it took more than five men
to carry it out of the construction site
without harming it
or themselves the beast was 26 feet long
and weighed around 550 pounds that's
only a bit shorter than a light post
the previous record for the longest
snake in captivity was the famous
medusa also a python that kind of snake
can eat its whole weight for lunch
that's like me eating 280 burgers i
definitely don't want fries with that
back to the water behold the heaviest
blue catfish
ever caught the andersons bagged this
guy in virginia back in 2011
and they've been bragging about it ever
since
weighing in at a whopping 143 pounds
that's like fishing a washing machine
out of the lake while standing on a
small
boat that's why it took both father and
son to drag it on deck
honorable mention goes to the largest
living cat in the world
no it's not a lion or a tiger but a
little bit of both
it's a liger ligers don't exist out in
nature
since lions and tigers live in totally
different parts of the world
than wildlife parks it's been done
hercules holds this particular record at
over
900 pounds he's the biggest carnivore
mammal in the whole world
he's got his length from his mom a tiger
and his weight from his dad
a lion called arthur
[Music]
want to know what it's called when the
mom is a lion and the dad's a tiger
a tigen they're way less common than
ligers
but they're just as bizarre that sort of
sounds like the ancient greek mythical
creature
the chimera it was part lion part goat
part snake and some stories say it even
had bat wings
oh and it breathed fire too you'd need
to bring in a whole bunch of spartan
firefighters to take care of that thing
but it probably hosts a sweet barbecue
party
so what about us humans the award goes
to robert wadlow from illinois
he was a staggering 8 foot 11 inches and
he could pick up his dad when he was
just nine years old
just let that sink in for a while he ate
over 8
000 calories a day and his shoe size was
37 double a